Updated PAJ GPS docs with speed sensor (#45497)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/paj_gps.markdown

Reviewer: This introduction is now incomplete. It should mention sensors or be more generic. Maybe something like "It provides entities for tracking the location of your PAJ GPS devices and monitoring their speed."?

ha_zeroconf: false
ha_platforms:
  - device_tracker

>   - sensor

Reviewer: Please also add sensor to the ha_category

Author: done

The PAJ GPS {% term integration %} will track the location of each device registered to your account. The integration provides real-time GPS coordinates (latitude and longitude) for your PAJ GPS devices.

> ### Speed sensor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sensors
```

> The **Speed** sensor provides the current speed of the PAJ GPS device in km/h, as reported by the GPS module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Speed**
  - **Description**: The current speed of the PAJ GPS device in km/h, as reported by the GPS module.
```
We use this list format to document the supported functionality (https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown?plain=1#L108). Please edit my suggestion if there is any information I might have missed.
